README.md, before:


IO♪MIDI♪INSTRUMENT
==================

__Musical instruments for hackers.__
Now you can create your own musical instrument using HTML5.

It is a Socket.io server that can send MIDI events to DAWs (such as GarageBand).



What can I do with it?
----------------------

### Video Demos

* [Drums Cover](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rN248b97RM)



Prerequisite
------------

You should have installed Node.js and know how to use it.

To create your own instrument,
you should know about HTML5, JavaScript, and Socket.io.



Usage
-----

### Clone this repository and `cd` into it.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/YXTpqbB.png)


### Install the dependencies using `npm install`.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/l3eW4zn.png)


### Start the server using `node server.js`.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/MJm6z5S.png)


### You should see a new MIDI input device in your DAW.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/8JrYK3J.png)


### Point your browser to the server and pick an instrument.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/kLLG3At.png)





The Instruments
---------------

Here are the instruments that comes with IO♪MIDI♪INSTRUMENT.

You can fork this repository and add more instruments to contribute to this project!


### Drums

Right now, it only works on touch devices.
Recommended: iPad on Portrait orientation.

16-button drumpad.
Has buttons for Kick, Snare, Rimshot, Toms, Rides and Crashes.

Pressing in the center of the button means hitting louder.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/TmcZK7e.png)



### Keyboard

Right now, it only works on touch devices.
Recommended: iPad on Landscape orientation.

3-octave keyboard.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/yMDFKhW.png)

Commit message:

Add links to homepage of each instrument.

README.md, after:

IO♪MIDI♪INSTRUMENT
==================

__Musical instruments for hackers.__
Now you can create your own musical instrument using HTML5.

It is a Socket.io server that can send MIDI events to DAWs (such as GarageBand).



What can I do with it?
----------------------

### Video Demos

* [Drums Cover](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rN248b97RM)



Prerequisite
------------

You should have installed Node.js and know how to use it.

To create your own instrument,
you should know about HTML5, JavaScript, and Socket.io.



Usage
-----

### Clone this repository and `cd` into it.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/YXTpqbB.png)


### Install the dependencies using `npm install`.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/l3eW4zn.png)


### Start the server using `node server.js`.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/MJm6z5S.png)


### You should see a new MIDI input device in your DAW.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/8JrYK3J.png)


### Point your browser to the server and pick an instrument.

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/kLLG3At.png)





The Instruments
---------------

Here are the instruments that comes with IO♪MIDI♪INSTRUMENT.
Click on the name of the instrument to go to the corresponding page of that instrument.

You can fork this repository and add more instruments to contribute to this project!


### [Drums](static/drums/)

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/TmcZK7e.png)



### [Keyboard](static/keyboard/)

![Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/yMDFKhW.png)
